countries=US,Canada,Mexico;type=playergroup;ID=1;name=North American Survivors
countries=France,UK,Germany,Russia,Spain,Poland,Norway,Sweden,Finland,Latvia,Czech Republic,Portugal;type=playergroup;ID=2;name=European Survivors
countries=Japan,China,India;type=playergroup;ID=8;name=Asian Survivors
countries=Australia,NZ;type=playergroup;ID=9;name=Oceanic Survivors
map=1;description=Running the circuit;records=194;type=strategy;ID=3;name=circuit
players=2,1,4,44,54;type=playergroup;ID=4;name=Adventures of Tin Tin
description=Did not move any items in Left 4 Dead 2;records=249,250,251,252,234,209,235,242,236,158,138,256;game=2;aliases=NoMove,No Moved Items,No Moved;type=gamemode;ID=6;name=nomv
map=36;ID=7;type=strategy;description=Running the circuit using the poolroom;name=poolcircuit
map=1;description=Defending the bridge;records=254;type=strategy;ID=8;name=mallbridge
map=1;ID=9;type=strategy;description=Defending the saferoom;name=saferoom
map=1;ID=10;type=strategy;description=Defending the Kiosk;name=kiosk
map=22;ID=11;type=strategy;description=Defending the gazebo;name=gazebo
map=22;ID=12;type=strategy;description=Defending the second ammo stack;name=ammostack2
map=23;ID=13;type=strategy;description=Defending the alley;name=alley
map=23;ID=14;type=strategy;description=Defending the construction yard;name=consyard
map=23;ID=15;type=strategy;description=Defending the poolroom;name=poolroom
map=23;ID=16;type=strategy;description=Defending the corner by the cars;name=cornercars
map=24;ID=17;type=strategy;description=Defending the bridge;name=bridge
map=24;ID=18;type=strategy;description=Defending the poolroom;name=poolroom
map=24;ID=19;type=strategy;description=Defending the bar;name=bar
map=25;ID=20;type=strategy;description=Defending under the bridge;name=bridge
map=25;ID=21;type=strategy;description=Defending the roof;name=roof
map=25;ID=22;type=strategy;description=Defending a room;name=room
map=26;ID=23;type=strategy;description=Defend the scaffolding;name=scaffolding
map=26;ID=24;type=strategy;description=Defend the rooftops;name=rooftops
map=26;ID=25;type=strategy;description=Defend the stuffed animals;name=animals
map=27;ID=26;type=strategy;description=Defend the stage;name=stage
map=27;ID=27;type=strategy;description=Defend the lightswitch;name=lightswitch
map=27;ID=28;type=strategy;description=Defend the tower;name=tower
map=28;ID=29;type=strategy;description=Defend the boat;name=boat
map=28;ID=30;type=strategy;description=Defend the ammo stack;name=ammo
map=29;ID=31;type=strategy;description=Defend the stairs;name=stairs
map=29;ID=32;type=strategy;description=Defend the hedges;name=hedges
map=29;ID=33;type=strategy;description=Defend the balcony;name=balcony
map=30;ID=34;type=strategy;description=Defend the roof;name=roof
map=30;ID=35;type=strategy;description=Defend behind the truck;name=truck
map=30;ID=36;type=strategy;description=Defend the weapon spawns;name=weapons
map=30;ID=37;type=strategy;description=Defend the outside area;name=outside
map=32;ID=38;type=strategy;description=Defend the tower;name=tower
map=32;ID=39;type=strategy;description=Defend the ground floor;name=ground
map=32;ID=40;type=strategy;description=Defend the fences;name=fences
records=;ID=41;type=gamemode;description=Smash TV style;name=smashtv
map=33;ID=42;type=strategy;description=Defend upstairs;name=upstairs
map=33;ID=43;type=strategy;description=Defend the helecopter pad;name=helecopter
map=33;ID=44;type=strategy;description=Defend the fences;name=fences
map=34;ID=45;type=strategy;description=Defend the ground floor;name=ground
map=34;ID=46;type=strategy;description=Defend the underground;name=underground
map=34;ID=47;type=strategy;description=Defend the back of the building;name=back
map=37;ID=48;type=strategy;description=Defend the shotgun spawn;name=shotgun
map=37;ID=49;type=strategy;description=Runnning the circuit;name=circuit
map=35;ID=50;type=strategy;description=Defend the ammo stack;name=ammo
map=35;ID=51;type=strategy;description=Defend the ammo stack without bile;name=nobile
map=35;ID=52;type=strategy;description=Defend the corner;name=corner
map=36;ID=53;type=strategy;description=Defend the bridge;name=bridge
map=36;ID=54;type=strategy;description=Defend the poolroom;name=poolroom
map=36;ID=55;type=strategy;description=Defend the bar;name=bar
description=All shotguns;records=;game=2;type=gamemode;ID=56;name=shotguns
records=;type=gamemode;description=All snipers;name=snipers;ID=57
description=All melee weapons;records=;game=2;type=gamemode;ID=58;name=melee
records=;type=gamemode;description=All pistols;name=pistols;ID=59
description=Increased SI rates;records=254;game=2;type=gamemode;ID=60;name=hardmode
map=31;ID=61;type=strategy;description=Defend the sugar mills;name=sugarmill
description=One player only;numplayers=1;records=;type=gamemode;ID=62;name=solo
description=Two players only;numplayers=2;records=;type=gamemode;ID=62;name=duo
description=Three players only;numplayers=3;records=;type=gamemode;ID=62;name=trio
players=;type=playergroup;ID=63;name=House of Sauce
players=;type=playergroup;ID=64;name=House of McQuade
players=;type=playergroup;ID=65;name=House of Cookie
players=;type=playergroup;ID=66;name=randomgroup21
players=;type=playergroup;ID=67;name=24 Carat Survival
players=;type=playergroup;ID=68;name=L4D Pro Survivors
players=;type=playergroup;ID=69;name=WDF
players=;type=playergroup;ID=70;name=Elite Murderers
players=;type=playergroup;ID=70;name=4 Survival